---
type: video
title: "데이비드 셰이퍼: 더욱더 서로 생각해 주고 고무하고 격려하십시오"
media_key: pub-jwban_201606_1_VIDEO
lang: KO
duration: 13:12
category: StudioTalks
first_published: 2016-06-21T00:25:19.877Z
source_url: https://www.jw.org/ko/라이브러리/동영상/#ko/mediaitems/StudioTalks/pub-jwban_201606_1_VIDEO
video_url: https://akdd1.jw-cdn.org/sg2/p/837ae6/1/o/jwban_s-Sub_KO_201606_01_r720P.mp4
subtitle_url: https://akamd1.jw-cdn.org/sg2/p/decd22/1/o/jwban_E_201606_01_r240P.vtt
transcript_lang: E
fetched: 2026-06-06 23:34
ingested: true
---

# 데이비드 셰이퍼: 더욱더 서로 생각해 주고 고무하고 격려하십시오

## 자막 전사본 (transcript) — ⚠️ E 자막 (한국어 자막 미발행)

Our theme for this month is “Consider, Incite, and Encourage One Another All the More So.” JW Broadcasting —why do we enjoy it so much?
Many of you have expressed how the monthly broadcast draws you closer to our brothers and sisters and to Jehovah’s organization.
If you’re homebound or isolated, you especially treasure these programs.
And yet, while we appreciate the advances in technology that have made all of this possible, we know that your sincere desire is to be present with your brothers and sisters in person at our congregation meetings.
Jehovah’s Witnesses around the world share this feeling.
In northern Finland, for example, winters are especially cold, even by Finnish standards.
At times, temperatures plummet to minus 50 degrees Celsius, or minus 58 degrees Fahrenheit!
Under those conditions, it’s very difficult to drive, much less walk long distances.
Still, the brothers love to gather together.
How do they manage it?
In one small village, there is a brother who lives near the Kingdom Hall and has a warm garage.
On meeting nights, he uses his car to bring each family in the congregation to the hall.
Then he parks in his garage and runs the short distance back to the Kingdom Hall.
When the meeting is over, he returns all the friends safely to their homes.
In the Bible, gatherings for pure worship were occasions for personal association with fellow believers.
Such association required travel to a designated place.
This involved work, sacrifice, even risk.
Consider what is stated at Exodus 34:24.
This verse has to do with the command that every Israelite male should gather three times a year for the festivals in Jerusalem.
What would that mean in practical terms?
Wouldn’t the nation be left vulnerable to attack if no men were left to guard the land?
And if word spread among the surrounding nations that practically everyone congregated in Jerusalem three times a year, like clockwork, year after year, wouldn’t it be just a matter of time before some invading army would come and pillage an Israelite city?
At Exodus 34:24, we find Jehovah’s remarkable answer: “For I will drive the nations away from before you, and I will enlarge your territory, and nobody will desire,” yes, even desire, “your land “while you are going up to see the face of Jehovah your God three times a year.” Jehovah kept that promise.
It’s a historical fact that from 1513 B.C.E.
all the way down to 66 C.E.
no foreign nation ever came to invade Israelite territory during those three annual festivals.
Jehovah placed high value on having his people gather together in the same space.
In the Christian era, the apostle Paul wrote at 1 Corinthians 14:23 about ‘the whole congregation coming together to one place.’ Now, although modern broadcasting technology didn’t exist in those days, there were other viable methods of communicating, such as writing letters, that didn’t require people to be physically present in the same location.
Still, the apostle John, though a capable writer, preferred face-to-face interchange with fellow Christians as he expressed at 2 John 12.
Or consider what is stated at Job 1:6: “Now the day came when the sons of the true God entered to take their station before Jehovah.” Job 2:1 speaks of another such day.
Just imagine!
Here Jehovah himself, though having all conceivable methods of communication at his disposal, set specific days for his spirit creatures in heaven to assemble in his immediate presence.
Clearly, the Scriptures encourage regular personal association with fellow servants of God.
Virtual attendance through modern communication technology has value, and we’re happy to use it, but it’s no substitute for being together.
And why not?
Because of what association with the congregation achieves.
It’s not just that we receive nutritious and varied spiritual food.
Meetings inform us, but so does JW Broadcasting.
Meetings encourage us, but so does JW Broadcasting.
Fellow Christians who offer comments and sing from the heart build us up, and yet we can hear that also on JW Broadcasting.
It’s when we’re together —all together in one place— that others can hear us and draw encouragement from our heartfelt convictions, our smile, our handshake.
Meetings give us opportunities to show our brothers and sisters that we esteem them as worthy of our time, attention, and concern.
That is why we go and visit our brothers who are homebound or isolated because we want to show them that we love them.
Moreover, in a special way, our meetings bring us under the influence of holy spirit.
At Revelation 2:7, the glorified Jesus said: “Let the one who has an ear hear what the spirit says to the congregations.” We need that spirit to help us resist temptation, to embolden and equip us for the ministry, and to enable us to make sound decisions.
Still, there’s a reason to attend meetings that’s even more important than the pleasant company, the peaceful atmosphere, the genuine refreshment, the sense of belonging, the opportunities to give, or even the fact that meetings are a means by which we receive Jehovah’s holy spirit.
The key reason why we gather together is stated at Psalm 26:12: “My foot is standing on level ground; in the great congregation, I will praise Jehovah.” Yes, the principal reason why we gather together in person is to give Jehovah what he deserves —praise, glory, yes, worship.
Our meeting attendance shows Jehovah that we want to draw close to him and his Son.
In his abundant love, Jehovah invites many more to serve him and keep living.
Because he lives eternally, Jehovah can nurture those relationships forever.
The Adversary can offer no such hope of endless life, so he promotes selfishness, pride, and other negative traits that isolate people from one another, even when they are in the same room, engaged in the same activities.
In contrast, our great God is drawing his people closer to himself, to his Son, and to one another so that we “may all be one,” as Jesus prayed as recorded at John 17:21.
And it’s not just the act of converging on the same location that unites us either.
Lots of people coexist in the same space when they go to a market, attend a sporting event, or use public transportation.
Crowding of itself does not equate with unity.
What makes the true Christian congregation different?
Notice how Hebrews chapter 10, verses 24 and 25 answers this question.
Now here we find the divinely inspired standard for all our gatherings: “And let us consider one another so as to incite “to love and fine works, not forsaking our meeting together, “as some have the custom, but encouraging one another, “and all the more so as you see the day drawing near.” Now, what does it mean to “consider one another”?
What does it mean “to incite to love and fine works”?
And in what way might we ‘encourage one another’?
The verb “consider” could also be rendered “be concerned about; pay attention to.” So when we “consider one another,” we show interest that goes far beyond a brief greeting.
And when we pay careful attention to one another, we’re better prepared to incite, that is, to motivate one another, to stir one another to action.
And how might we do this?
Not by making comparisons or shaming our brothers, for that would hardly be “encouraging one another,” we endeavor to lift one another’s hearts when we’re together.
And when we do this to the best of our ability, then we can be confident that Jehovah’s spirit will do the rest, and that our brothers will feel strengthened.
It’s evident, then, that true worship means participation; it requires a response.
Another noteworthy example of this is the encouragement we both give and receive when we sing together with our brothers and sisters.
In ancient Israel, at times they had a chorus, such as the one described in Nehemiah chapter 12 that we talked about in our midweek meeting back in February.
Much of Israel’s group singing was antiphonal, that is, some of the singers prompted others to respond.
For instance, Psalm 106 which begins and ends with the words “Praise Jah!” or “Hallelujah!” encouraged the people to say in response: “Amen!” Psalm 136 was written to allow for different choruses to answer one another.
Now just imagine responding choruses singing these alternating lines: “Give thanks to Jehovah, for he is good; “his loyal love endures forever.
“Give thanks to the God of gods, “for his loyal love endures forever.
“Give thanks to the Lord of lords, for his loyal love endures forever.” And on it went for 26 verses!
To this day, singing demonstrates our heartfelt response to the goodness of Jehovah.
What a joy it is to sing in company with others who are moved to pour out the depths of their feelings to Jehovah!
And now at our Kingdom Halls, we’re accompanied by orchestral renderings of many of our songs —another reason to sing out at our midweek and weekend meetings.
And speaking of the midweek meeting, how are you enjoying the new format?
More of the program is devoted to delving into the Bible itself.
Time spent on preparing us for our public ministry focuses more than ever on situations we face in field service.
And the meetings move along at a satisfying pace.
Yes, JW Broadcasting is a wonderful blessing, a powerful means to talk to and fortify our brothers around the world —simultaneously.
Still, nothing can replace the experience of worshipping Jehovah in concert with our fellow servants of God at congregation meetings.
When a meeting concludes and we lift our heads after the final prayer, we find ourselves surrounded by others who love Jehovah and support his sovereignty.
These important benefits are detailed in the April 2016 study article “Why Should We Meet Together for Worship?” This month, we’re studying that article worldwide.
Later, in October, we begin a special campaign to invite the public to our meetings.
If you do not yet regularly associate with Jehovah’s Witnesses or if you travel away from your congregation, use jw.org to find a meeting you can attend.
Click: “About Us,” “Meetings,” and “Find a Location Near You” or simply scroll to the bottom of any jw.org page and click “Attend Our Meetings.” At our meetings, you’ll experience what it means to consider, incite, and ‘encourage one another all the more so as we see the day drawing near.’
